# Kinectical

Modelling an enterprise architecture with _ArchiMate_ and _Archi_ with the proposed layers from the _TOGAF_ Framework: motivation, business, applications, technology and implementation and migration.

Kinectical is a fictional company created by our group that sells gym equipments that allows to generate electrical energy but also provides an afterwards service for monitoring the energetic efficiency and maintenance of the equipments.

# Modelling and views

__Introduction__

* `Introductory view` - gives the first analysis of the elements available in the company as their relationships.

__Motivation__

* `Objective and principle view` - it provides the main objectives of the company as its principles to operate and reach the goals. 

__Business__

* `Organization view` - it provides information of the structure of the company, for example the departments available as the roles associated.
* `Actor cooperation view` - this view gives the information of how people/actors cooperate in the company, how the information flows through each person and how their are related.
* `Business function view` - this view allows to understand the allocation of resources and information between business transactions.
* `Business process views` - we have modelled 4 business process: sign a new contract with a client, installation of machines, mantainece of the machines and update of the catalogue.
* `Business process cooperation view` -  this view allows to understand the relationship between business process, for example when we sign a contract we will probably trigger a instalation of machines.
* `Products view` - gives the available products as the services and contracts associated with each.
* `Information structure view` - all the information generated by a process or application.

__Applications__

* `Request system behaviour view` - describes the internal functioning of an application, here we have modelled the request system that has 2 main types of requests: instalation and maintenance.
* `Application cooperation view` - describes the interactions between applications.
* `Application structure view` - gives a detailed view of the structure of an application.
* `Application usage view` - reveals the dependency of processes and services to each application.

__Technology__
* Infrastructure view - gives an overview of the infrastruture of the company.
* Infrastructure usage view - gives the relations between applications and infrastructure.
* Implementation and deployment view - this view provides usefull information to understand the system performance and scalability.

__Implementation and migration__ 
 * `Migration view` - an architecture of transition.
 * `Implementation` and migration view - the model for implementation and transition.


__Additional views__

* `Layered view` - this view has plenty of information with all layers in one view, this allows an analysis of the applications and processes presented in each layer as their dependencies.
* `Lanscape view` - this view allows to allocate resources for each situation.

# Files

* report.html - a html file with the information of all viewpoints generated by Archi
* Kinectical.archimate - the core file with viewpoints
* images - a folder with png pictures of each viewpont

